change to latest main for new sphinx needs linkage (#82)
eclipse-score/logging: score/mw/docs/index.rst

..
   # *******************************************************************************
   # Copyright (c) 2026 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
   #
   # See the NOTICE file(s) distributed with this work for additional
   # information regarding copyright ownership.
   #
   # This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
   # terms of the Apache License Version 2.0 which is available at
   # https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   #
   # SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
   # *******************************************************************************

Middleware Documentation
========================

This section is reserved for middleware-specific documentation.

.. comp:: Logging Middleware
   :id: comp__middleware
   :security: YES
   :safety: ASIL_B
   :status: valid
   :implements: logic_arc_int__logging__logging
   :belongs_to: feat__logging

>    This is the middleware component responsible for processing log messages before they are sent to the data router. It can perform tasks such as log formatting, filtering, and enrichment based on runtime context and configuration. The middleware is designed to be extensible, allowing for custom processing logic to be added as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is the middleware component library responsible for selecting the appropriate log sinks based on configuration at runtime. It can perform tasks such as log formatting, filtering, and composite backend selection based on runtime context and configuration. The middleware is designed to be extensible, allowing for custom logging backend to be added as needed.
```
